# Release Notes

Releases use the following numbering system:
**{major}.{minor}.{incremental}**

* major: Major refactoring or rewrite - make sure you read and test very carefully!
* minor: Breaking change in some circumstances, or a new feature. Read carefully and make sure you understand the impact of the change.
* incremental: A "safe" change / improvement. Should *always* be safe to upgrade.

* **[BC]**: Items marked with [BC] indicate a breaking change that will require updates to your code if you are using that code in your extension.

## 1.3 (not yet released)

* Convert Firewall to use non-static methods and provide a "reason" string on failure.

## 1.2.1

* Fix [#16](https://lab.civicrm.org/extensions/firewall/-/issues/16) Error: Class 'Civi\\Firewall\\Firewall' not found in...

## 1.2

* Add settings page at *Administer->System Settings->Firewall*.
* Improve method for retrieving client IP address (handle CiviCRM behind reverse proxy).
* Implement IP address whitelist.

## 1.1.3

* Fix permissions issue on 5.28 when running cleanup job.
* Regenerate autogenerated code for compatibility with newer CiviCRM versions.

## 1.1.2

* Fix [#15](https://lab.civicrm.org/extensions/firewall/-/issues/15) Firewall breaks `drush cache:rebuild` on Drupal 8.

## 1.1.1

* Fix [#12](https://lab.civicrm.org/extensions/firewall/-/issues/12) Make sure that the caller (API4) always has permission to write an entry to the firewall log table.

## 1.1

* Add Firewall.Getcsrf and Firewall.Getcsrfisvalid APIv3 functions.
* Change the way we generate/validate CSRF tokens so they do not rely on session (or any) storage:

  *Previously this was stored in the user session but this causes problems if you request more than one token in the same session (eg. by opening multiple payment pages in different browser tabs).*

* Fix parameters for API3 `Job.firewall_cleanup`.
* Don't log changes to `civicrm_firewall_ipaddress` table.

## 1.0.3

* Regenerate DAO (Data Access Object) files to support changes in CiviCRM 5.27+.

## 1.0.2

* Don't specify ROW_FORMAT=DYNAMIC when installing (leave it to CiviCRM/database to decide).

## 1.0.1

* Fix [#5](https://lab.civicrm.org/extensions/firewall/-/issues/5) Api4 related error with Firewall: Cleanup job

## 0.2 / 1.0

* Specify database Engine=InnoDB and Row format = DYNAMIC to resolve installation issues on some database servers.

## 0.1

* Initial Release
